WHAT WE DO
Distributed Antenna System (DAS) is a network of spatially separated antennas fed by coax, CAT5 or fiber from some common electronics and/or amplifying source. We offer site surveys, design, consultation, project management, and commissioning of distributed antenna systems.

Connecting Your Business Across the Office or Across the Nation with Voice and Data Cabling. Voice, video, data, and other electronic means of communicating are everyday, yet integral, parts of any organization. And every day, systems wear out, offices get remodeled, or businesses open doors.

You can count on our end-to-end  IP video solutions for high-definition video that’s always there when you need it, plus centralized video management software and search capabilities that let you reach across a few or thousands of sites in minutes.

High density Wi-Fi networks that not only provide ubiquitous internet access for all mobile devices, but also enable a customized and rich communication platform with customers, including Location Based Services, video broadcast, and other CRM applications.

The ability to interact with digital displays has quickly become part of our lives, and that interaction includes much more than most people realize. This white paper brought to you looks at what is on the horizon for interactivity in digital signage and beyond.

As a smart place technology provider, Newgens offers home security, energy management, automation, local cloud storage, and high-speed internet solutions to more than hundreds customers. The end result is a smart place solution that saves time and money and ultimately simplifies your life.

SMART PLACE IN PACKAGE

Consulting
Solution proposal
Profit sharing

IoT (Internet of Things)
M2M (Machine to Machine)
INTERACTIVE AD

Internet & telephone network
Video surveillance
DAS / FTTH / Wi-Fi

FEATURED
PROJECTS

NEWGENS
PARTNERS

ABOUT US
We provide total platform from infra construction to application for smart place. Our engineers always keep up with technical advances in network and smart solutions. Three key words of us, CHOOSE / COMBINE / APPLY. Our mission is to navigate customer under increasing technology and emerging standards to the right destination.
Back to basic, rich experience in network engineering such as Internet network, IP telephony, Surveillance, Wi-Fi, DAS helps customer to save project budget and maintenance cost. Moving forward, our market insight values up your properties with smart solutions like smart hotel, Tarte, beacon.

CONTACT
San Jose Office |
3003 N 1st st., San Jose, CA 95134
Tel | 408-220-4547

LA Office |
7667 Stage Rd., Buena Park, CA 90621
Tel | 657-529-7413

e-Mail | info@newgens.com


dreamaxglobal
550ae416-a36b-4b19-89ef-c1f845a3304e
roh192ljf6z83y8zf8yh4qcaxra54iqo